Hello and Namaste. Welcome to PolicyX. I
am Sunali, your insurance host, and we
only give you honest advice and
honest reviews. Let's begin with the
full review of ICICI Invite. This plan is
an unlimited health insurance plan
that offers unlimited sum insured options.
100% sum
insured bonus is available under Infino Lombard Elevate. Along with this, you are also being given Power
Booster Benefit and Reset Benefit in this
plan.
ICICI Lombard Health Insurance Policy also provides coverage for
pre-existing diseases i.e. pre-existing diseases.
Amazing benefits like Inflation Protector, Befit Benefit and NRI Advantage are
also available in ICICI Lombard Elevate. Sum insured options in ICICI Lombard Elevate range from a
minimum of Rs 5 lakh to a
maximum of unlimited. The policy tenure is
available for one, two, and three years. Pre-policy medical
checkup is not required for people below 45 years of age
and for those with a sum insured of Rs 10 lakh.  There are
two types of discounts available under ICI Labad Elevate,
firstly, a
wellness discount of up to 30% and a tenure discount of up to 15%.
We have already listed the benefits of this plan. Now let us understand
these benefits in detail. The first
benefit is unlimited claim amount, which means that the
policyholder gets the
opportunity to claim unlimited medical expenses at any time in their lifetime along with the insurance care benefit,
irrespective of the sum insured.
However, this optional cover can be purchased only during the first two
years. The next
benefit in this plan is
pre-existing diseases from the 30th day. The waiting period for pre-
existing diseases such as obesity,
hypotension, coronary artery disease, diabetes,
asthma, and hyperlipidemia has been
reduced to 30 days with the Jump Start optional cover. However, this cover can be availed in
three consecutive years, i.e.,
unlimited restoration of the sum
insured. You also get a reset benefit in this.  This
means that if your original coverage amount is
exhausted due to a claim,
your sum assured will be restored up to 100% unlimited times in a year.
With ICICI Labord Elevate, premium renewal discounts are
available, which can be up to 30% if you have successfully accumulated at
least 9,000 wellness points.
With this mediclaim insurance policy,
you also get wellness services, including a
health assistant team and ambulance
assistance, which will be 20% and
can go up to a maximum of 100%. If no
claim has been made in the previous policy year,
you get special tax benefit benefits with ICICI Labord. The
minimum entry age for this plan is 18
years for adults and 91 days for children. The
maximum limit for children is 30 years and
no limit for adults. There is
individual and family floater coverage. Now, what we are going to
tell you is the
most important part of any policy.  Coverages,
i.e., what will be covered under ICICI Lombard Elevate include:
Inpatient treatment, day care treatment,
modern treatment, pre-hospitalization
medical expenses, post-hospitalization
medical expenses, inpatient hospitalization,
AYUSH treatment, domestic
road ambulance, donor expenses, domiciliary
cover, inpatient hospitalization for surrogate
mother, inpatient hospitalization for live
donor. Exclusions are those situations
and diseases that are not covered under any single policy.
Intentional self-injury, plastic
surgery and cosmetic surgery, injuries due to
adventure sports and hazardous sports,
treatment for alcohol and drug addiction,
external continence treatments,
sexually transmitted diseases, and fertility
and infertility treatments will not be covered under ICICI Lombard Elevate.
You should also pay special attention to the waiting period
before taking any health insurance plan.
This is the period
within which you have to serve or wait before starting any coverage. The
waiting period for pre-existing diseases is 3 years.
Specific Disease Procedure waiting period is
2 years
Waiting period for Hypertension, Diabetes, Cardiac conditions is 90 days
Initial waiting period is 30 days
Bariatric Surgery cover waiting period is 2
years Maternity benefit waiting period is
2 years Worldwide cover waiting period
for non-accidental emergencies is 2 years
Critical illness cover is 90 days This was about
honest reviews, now let's talk about honest
advice. Are you also tired of false promises and
forced selling attempts? At
PolicyX, we give only
honest advice. No spam, no
wrong information, and no pressure of any kind.
If you want to
know anything about insurance or want to buy a health or term
insurance plan, then don't delay,
book your call today
with our insurance experts, that too
absolutely free and get the advice you deserve.
You will find the link to book a free call in the description box of the video
till then.  Bye Bye and Take
Care